mention scanning just-built apks with grype (#2139)
wolfi-dev/os: CONTRIBUTING.md

Your build packages should be found in the generated `./packages` directory.

> While you're here, you can scan the package you just built for vulnerabilities, using [Grype](https://github.com/anchore/grype) for example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While you're here, you can scan the package you just built for vulnerabilities, such as by using an experimental [Grype](https://github.com/anchore/grype)-based scanning script we provide: `./scripts/grype-scan-apk.sh`.
```

```

> grype packages/<arch>/<your-package-name-and-version>.apk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./scripts/grype-scan-apk.sh packages/<arch>/<your-package-name-and-version>.apk
```

> ```

Reviewer: I think there's a better approach here — let me get right back to you!
